# Constraints

In order to maintain control and ensure the success of our project, we have
established several constraints that will guide our efforts. These constraints
are as follows:

## External

Regarding external factors that could impact our project, we have identified
several areas that require attention. These include:

## project deadlines

During our team meeting, it was agreed that all tasks assigned to team members
will have a specific deadline, and each task must be completed within the given
time frame. In case of any confusion or queries, team members are encouraged to
express their concerns via Slack. One of our team members will be available to
help with the task and clarify any doubts.

## UI design or color schemes

We recognize that the visual appeal of our website is critical to its success.
Therefore, we will be paying close attention to the UI design and color schemes
of our website to ensure that they align with our objectives and meet the
expectations of our target audience.

## technologies

For the development of our website, we have chosen to utilize HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. These technologies have been selected based on their effectiveness
in achieving our project objectives, as well as their compatibility with our
existing development environment.

By closely monitoring these external factors, we believe we can ensure the
success of our project and deliver a high-quality website that meets the needs
of our users.

## Internal: Involuntary

Regarding internal factors that could impact our project involuntarily, we have
identified several constraints that we have no control over. These include:

## Amount of Time Available to Work on the Project

We recognize that each team member has different schedules and availability to
work on the project. While we will try to work around everyone's schedule, it is
important to acknowledge that this may impact the pace at which we can complete
tasks. We will communicate regularly and transparently about our availability
and try to work collaboratively to ensure the project stays on track.

By recognizing these internal constraints, we can work together to minimize
their impact on the project and deliver high-quality work that meets our
objectives.

## Internal: Voluntary

Regarding internal factors that could impact our project voluntarily, we have
established several constraints that will help us manage our project scope.
These include:

## Coding Style & Conventions

As a team, we have agreed upon a specific coding style and set of conventions
that will be used throughout the project. This will ensure consistency and make
it easier for all team members to read and understand each other's code.

## Code Review Checklist

We have also agreed upon a code review checklist that will be used for all pull
requests submitted to the project repository. This checklist will ensure that
all code changes meet our quality standards and align with our project
objectives.

## Hours of Work

We have determined the number of hours that we want to dedicate to working on
the project each week. By setting these boundaries, we can ensure that everyone
is working consistently and avoid overworking or burning out.
